dance till you drop is like monty
python's ministry of silly walks
meets just dance so first and foremost
it's an online game you can go log in
everything is powered by firebase
authentication on the profile page we
can go use the the picture
via cloud storage everything else gets
stored to firestore
you can go test it out on the website
everything's fully featured so if we go
over to play the first thing we're going
to need to do is we're going to need to
connect a camera
so we can either directly connect the
computer webcam or
we can click here it'll generate a qr
code which we scan with the flutter app
which goes to
the google kubernetes engine via
websocket then back to the front end so
we get the image over here
so we're just going to use the um
computer camera so we're going to click
calibrate camera
now the great thing about why we're
calibrating this is that we can go
generate dance moves
and retrofit other types of dance moves
that have already been generated
to your body dimensions in terms of the
proportions
now we can then go through and we can go
select either a pre-existing dance
this will be something that you can
either download or record in the future
or we can enter dance party mode where
all of the dance moves are randomly
generated
human-esque figures that you try and
match so we can go through and we can
start the dance party
and as you can see the blue figure is
where you're currently at
and the white figure is the dance move
that you're trying to mimic note that
the white figure
always anchors to your left shoulder so
it doesn't matter where you are in the
the space that you're in
as long as you get your body into the
right shape it will go count it for you
now if we go through and we close out if
we want to go through we can go choose
another dance really easily without
needing to go recalibrate or anything
and not only can we select a dance up
here but we can also change the speed
of our dance party mode they've gone to
plaid
[Music]
as you can see we can make you dance
till you drop